A post for the Y21 out there, share it as much as possible.
It's our annual responsibility to keep the legacy of  खोलना alive!
[Scene: A senior/alumni meets a junior from IITK].
Senior: खोल
Junior: (In one go without a single pause.)
मेरा नाम ___ है।
मेरे बाप/अम्मा का नाम __ है|
मै यहां ___ से आया हूं।
भारतीय प्रौद्योगिकी संस्थान खड़गपुर द्वारा आयोजित संयुक्त प्रवेश परीक्षा अग्रणीय (या अग्रावर्ती) 2021को
उत्तीर्ण कर मैंने यहां ____ (Branch) में प्रवेश लिया है।
मेरी मुख्य अभिरुचियाँ __, __, ऐंव ___ हैं।
Branches in Hindi:
BT CSE- संगणक विज्ञान एवं अभियांत्रिकी
BT EE- विद्युत अभियांत्रिकी
BT ME- यांत्रिक अभियांत्रिकी
BT CHE- रासायनिक अभियांत्रिकी
BT AE- वाँतरिक्ष अभियांत्रिकी
BT CE- जनपद अभियांत्रिकी
BT MSE- पदार्थ विज्ञान एवं अभयांत्रिकी
BSBE- जीव विज्ञान एवं जैविक अभियांत्रिकी
BS MTH- गणित एवं वैज्ञानिक सांख्यिकी
BS PHY- भौतिक शास्त्र
BS CHM- रसायन शास्त्र
BS ECO- अर्थशास्त्र
Hobbies in Hindi-
Cricket- लंब दंड गोल पिंड धर पकड़ प्रतियोगिता।
Basketball- डलिया कंदूक।
Table Tennis- लकड़ी के फलक क्षेत्र पर ले टका- टक दे टका- टक।
Tennis- हरित घास पर ले टका- टक दे टका- टक|
Badminton- चीड़ीबल्ला|
Carrom- कैरम खेलना ।
Art/painting- चित्रकला|
Photography- तस्वीरें खीचना।
Watching movies- चलचित्र देखना।
It's nothing more than this, nothing less and evidently this isn't ragging as opposed to the
opinions of some impotent butthurt snowflakes.

...........................................................................................................
**CAMPUS LINGO 101**
...........................................................................................................
Bhaukaal:
Robust, Impressive - The aura of a Bakait.
Usage: "Bakait banda hai be, uska alag hi bhaukaal hai campus mein!"
Bakait:
A Hall 2 resident.
Someone who is very smart, confident and absolutely fearless. Also used to describe any good
quality in the person.
In the ancient campus literature, referred to as "A species, taste runs through yellow shirts, pink
trousers, white shoes, and a 007 belt."
Bakchod:
That person who is either a 8-dassa or a chaapu in numerous fields.- getting 8 jobs, 3
scholarships and 4 acceptance letters.
Chapu (Chapna/Chap diya/Chapa bey!!!):
It is an adjective to denote the greatness of anything. A famous person is chapu, delicious food
is chapu, a ten pointer is chapu, a four-pointer is chapu too (in something else if not acads).
One thing to understand is that Bakait and Chapu are a bit different. Bakait is used to denote
strength in character or persona.
Chapu is more widely used.
Maggu:
Worst than a nerd. Attends all classes, does nothing but studies. Never call an IITian Maggu, he
will HATE it.
A guy who studies a lot. Usually despised by most of his classmates, this is the guy who scores
a lot and does nothing other than sit in his room or library and read books. He usually
characterized by a lower (relatively) level of IQ but a mind-boggling memorizing power. If the
professor disallowed Indian standards in the class, this gu would be unperturbed because he
would have already mugged them up. Never, ever call an IITian a maggu.
A related word is magai, which is what a maggu does. Magai is also used in a lighter sense for
routine studies.

Telu/Tel:
Tel machana is to bungle something up. If you have screwed a mid-sem then paper tel ho gaya.
The noun form is Telu. As in – that person is a big Telu, opposite of chapu.
Bandi:
The non-male population, the rarest species of IITK.
Lassu (Lasna):
The classic flirt. He lives not in the hostel allotted to him but in or near the girls’ hostel. The lassu
would not leave any opportunity to interact with girls.
The verb is lasna which means to flirt. Lasna is also used in contexts where someone is giving
undue attention to someone. For example, if the maggu is asking too many questions to the prof
after class – wo prof se las raha hai.
Insert any swear word :
Definitely not used in literal sense, is a gesture of affection towards a close one.
Often used to indicate exclamation/greeting to a dear one.
Usage:
Bhenchod/Maa.....chod/Makichut/FuckBhenchod: Exclamation
Bhosdike: My dear.
eg. A: Aur MC Kaisa hai?
B: Sab sexx Bhosdike, tu bata?
ELS :
Extremely derogatory, not for public use. Insult of the highest class.
Usage- Don't use it, ever.
Kholna:
How you should efficiently give your introduction to your senior/alum, in a set-right format. Must
be memorized by heart by each first year.
NO, it's not a form of ragging, as some impotent snowflakes claim.
Gyaan:
An informal, often post-midnight conversation between a junior in a dilemma and a senior,
usually high on weed. Towards the end of the session, both the parties have attained nirvana.
Fundae:
The fundamental principles unique to every senior often dictated by their experiences in life.
Fundae are the takeaways of every Gyan session.

GPL:
Gand pe laat. The practice of lifting people by arms and legs and then beating the ass out of
them by kicking them on their buts. Done customarily on birthdays and other moments of
happiness like job selections, successful completion of the event for which you are the cordi,
and sometimes just for fun.
GBM:
General Body Meetings.
Late-night hall level quad meetings arranged by the HEC members for the first years to instil a
sense of belonging to the hall, make them fuck the bushes and dance naked.
Bulla:
The thing that a group of people does when they have nothing else to do or when there is too
much to do. A typical bulla involves meaningless talks for hours. Conversations may also
include heated up discussions. And bulla session generally ends with a grand GPL session(if
spirits are high).
Nightout:
Sacrificing your sleep for a bulla, takneek/galaxy preparation or studies.
Phatta:
Any form of "non-standard" cricket is termed as phatta. People manage to play phatta anywhere
-- from the stadium to the hall corridors!
Bajar:
The extremity of something.
Hagga:
Bakwaas/excrement/washroom.
Junta:
this is one word that is used most by IITK students, mostly because it is understood outside the
hostel too. Not to mention that it is one of the few decent words that we use. This one word
encompasses all sorts of gatherings of men and women that you can imagine.
Bhasad:

Any kind of chaos. If some stage program has gone wrong – bhasad mach gayi. If there is a big
gathering with apparently no reason – Bhasad ho rahi hai. The adjective of this is Bhasadu –
one who maks bhasad. If a guy is very notorious – Bhasadu aadmi hai.
Arbit:
Stems from arbitrary. Used to describe anything strange or un-understandable. After exams –
Kya arbit paper tha! (What an arbit paper).
Thukna/Thuk gaya:
To get destroyed.
The most commonly used phrase by students coming out of exam halls.
Fraud/Fraudy:
That silent spectator found in the messenger groups of each club/fest/cell but shows up all of a
sudden only during treats.
Chill hai:
The most commonly used phrase in the campus when you have nothing else to say. IITK
equivalent of "All is well."
Saxx/Sexx:
Sexy, used in a more general sense and for literally anything as such. It is an honour if
someone/something is given the tag of "sexx".
eg. "Paper mein sexx macha diya." "Kya sexx movie dekhi be."
Hapa-Hap/Hapak ke/Hathad ke/Hapaxx:
Lots and lots of.
You got to hear it to believe it -
"Arey Raja chap diye, kya hapak ke tel ho laga hai."
Enthu/Tempo:
Enthusiasm, supposed to be higher than Mt. Everest.
Frust:
Your state of mind 1 hour before an 8 am endsem, after wasting your night out.
Senior:

He who is always right, and must always be respected.(In ideal case.)
DOSA (AA/RA/FA):
Dean of Student/Academic/Research&Alumni/Faculty Affairs.
Alum: Alumnus
Senator:
Anagram of treason.
HEC:
Unskilled people with a degree (future tense), dictating skilled people without degrees.
Repi:
Short for Representative/Wing Representative, whose sole responsibility is to feel important by
ensuring none of his wingies bunk the orientation.
DOPA:
Dean of Pornographic Affairs.
Appointed by the SGs of a wing during orientation, his responsibility is to care of the porn
requirements of all the wingies during his stay in campus while at the same time being
non-judgemental towards their sexual preferences.
Voli/Secy/Cordi/Festi/GenSec/Presi:
Volunteer/Secretary/Coordinator/Festival Coordinator/General Secretary/President.
Room Baap/Bed Baap:
The student/alum who once shared the same room/bed you are residing in right now.
Baap/Amma:
(I) Overprotective, innocent non-bakaits recruited by the CS under the name of "Student Guide."
(II) The girlfriend/boyfriend of your baap/amma, if you are lucky enough.
Godfather/Godmother:

That favorite senior who eventually becomes your go-to person every time you need gyan. Not
necessarily one batch senior, unlike baap/amma.
Baccha/Bacchi:
The alotted first-year students to each SG.
Bhai/Behen:
Bacchas/Bacchis under the same student guide.
Chacha/Mausi:
The bhais/behens of your baap/amma.
(Similarly- dada,nani,dadi,nana and other blood relations can be established,)
Sutta: Cigarettes.
Maal: Joint.
Khamba: Liquor bottle.
Acads: Academics.
Kholu: Opening Rank
Dhakkan: Closing Rank
Dassa: 10 SPI, 10 Pointer.
Chaugi/Pangi/Chaggi/Satti/Atthi/Nehli: 4,5,6,7,8,9 SPI/Pointers.
Fakka: F grade,
AP: Academic Probation.
DP: Disciplinary Probation.
Termi: A familiar ritual amongst the Hall 2 Bakaits a.k.a Termination.
Undies: Short for Undergrads (Used by Matkas and Phuddus.)
Matka: Short for M.Techs (Used by Undies.)
Phuddu: Short for Phuddus (Used by Undies/Matkas.)
Dabba (I): Laptop
Dabba (II): Dept of CSE
Batti: Dept of EE
MechEngi: Dept of ME
Masse: Dept of MSE
Basbey: Dept of BSBE
Majdoor: Dept of CE
Kam-akal: Dept of CHE (Homonym of Chemical.)
BC: The wet dream of 9/10 first-year undergrads - Branch Change.
Bot/mid/top: Bottom/middle/top floor. eg. LibTop, B-Bot.
Lib: Library
FacB: Faculty Building
CC: Computer Center

MT: The chai ki tapri near Motor Transport Section.
RM/KD: Epicenter of communism in IITK.
LHC: Lecture Hall Complex
WL/SL/NL: Wester/Southern/Northern Labs.
TB: Tutorial Block
Audi: Auditorium

